listen so extraction was a comic book
written by the russos who after end game
they
they pretty much have the funds to do
whatever they want they got sam hargrave
the stunt master behind a lot of the
marvel movies
atomic blonde the hunger games to direct
it and while this action is a solid
combo price in my opinion
that ending is a straight up cop-out let
me
explain so pretty much the story is
about an extraction there's a crime lord
whose son gets kidnapped and thus two
trained mercenaries are tasked to go get
him before both of them get screwed over
saju's family is put in danger so he's
willing to do anything to protect them
including getting hit by a truck
meanwhile tyler rake is still grieving
the loss of his child his divorce
he's like end game thor but ripped after
reaching his breaking points
and he's also getting hit back
[Applause]
the whole movie is a fast-paced cat and
mouse game with superb action that i'll
get to but
i can't have y'all falling for that
ending pretty much the extraction
happens but
tyler ray gets shot in the neck left or
dead at the bottom of the water
and then a while later maybe appears to
ov
really what we have is a movie and where
the producers who wrote the comic
have him living and even texting the
child that he saved
but then you have a director who
directed with the intention that he's
supposed to be dead
and did not want a sequel and then there
are test screenings where they realized
that audiences were split right down the
middle with him either dying or living
so in order to appease both sides they
just didn't answer it
they just have a blurb appear right at
the end to ovie and then just you know
they just called it a day
i mean it looks like him tyler never saw
the ghost of his kid
previously in the movie we were watching
so i think they just confused the
not making up their minds with an
ambiguous ending pretty much they
couldn't make a decision
but netflix didn't even flinch at the
thought of it hell now there's a sequel
in the works which
makes it even more pointless like if
it's a prequel i can't wait to sit
through
all of those prolonged tense sequences
wondering if he'll live
long enough to die in the sequel which
was the first and if it's a follow-up
with him
then clearly ambiguity can be answered
with a paycheck but
if it means they can go crazy with the
action
i guess i'm down if there's one thing
working on big budget movies can get you
it's big budgets to work with seeing the
russos partner with new directors
getting their stars producing credits as
they expand their production company
i think it's really dope i love hearing
that they're working with the daniels
and getting hargrave to direct with his
action experience
really shows because this is someone who
knows what he wants when it comes to the
genre i think coming from an action
background
there's a language that i speak fluently
because when i would
perform these things or design action to
be seen
in a specific way that was not the right
way wrong way just different it was how
i saw it
oftentimes the director that i'd worked
for would shoot it a different way edit
it a different way
that would sometimes not be in alignment
with how i kind of designed it to be
seen or experienced
it's been the new trend to have stunt
coordinators take on the role of
directing and i'm for it if they can
balance the story
since who would know this shot better
than the person who straps himself to a
car to get the shot
whatever i've asked chris or any other
stunt performer to do i've either done
myself
or have designed uh you know to some
degree i love how the director wants to
start in every one of his movies he
he just wants to kenny himself in more
and more creative ways which
i guess is one way to ensure a
director's cut but considering his
influences from old westerns hong kong
action flicks
it's no wonder the 12-minute winner is
absolutely incredible
to the lme listeners you've heard me
gush over the one take in the raid where
the camera guy passes it to another
camera dude dressed as a car seat
i made a whole video on the stunts from
mi6 and the literal
fallout from the plane that included the
cameraman doing it as well
and hargreave himself was in there
shooting this scene
falling from the rooftops our warner
sequence is officially
11 minutes and 29 seconds of
a continuous one shot but i believe it
was 36 different
segments that we had to put together to
look like one
continuous take now the action may not
be boggy iii style but i love the
variables of the busy street passing
them by in the middle of their fight
cause
you know it's india it's not just the
people they had to worry about coming
out of their houses they had people set
up on all the doorways to make sure
chickens cows
nothing else was coming out on top of
that they had a ban on guns there so
they
literally had to say pew pew on set with
the rubber guns being digitally fixed in
post
it'd be interested to see if anybody if
they didn't hear this interview
knew that we shot the entire sequence
without a single blank firing
gun they were all rubber the shot where
they jump off the balcony like i said is
dope because the director
jumped off with them this man was
hopping in between vehicles he's on the
hood of the car
buckling his knees for impact and
there's chris just straight up
joe passing dudes had me looking like
ovi with every kill he made
even my boy had some assist and then
came back and shot it again i was like
oh that's it got it in the can
and then you came back and said i want
to tweak some stuff
i was like ugh i'm gonna tweak you
overall i do think it's a decent action
movie and i'm excited to see this crew
team up again because i really like
their action sequences
i just don't think it needs to be a
sequel i would love to see something
original coming out of these guys but
in the world of franchising and
streaming i get it it sounds like
they're banking on this being their new
rambo
i just hope that their future endings
land as hard as their punches
for me action is a way to tell a story
in a dynamic
way and if you're not able to see what's
happening
if you're not able to experience it as
the characters do
then you're missing a lot of the impact
of the moment
that said what was up with the urine
filter
they had more yellow than my thumbnails
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm kissing your thoughts down
below in the comment section
uh your thoughts on the sequel as well
whether it directly follows the first or
if it's a prequel
uh i don't know about his tattoos a side
queen or quibby series it could be
literally anything i don't know what
they're gonna do with it
uh but i'm curious to see where it goes
i don't want it to be dependent
you know i don't want the ending that's
my biggest thing i i hate that the
ending is dependent on if it got green
lit by a sequel like no
i don't want it to be that the future of
movies especially when they're streaming
is
you decide the ending uh y'all want him
to live retweet like i don't want to be
seeing that when it comes to
these streaming services really getting
integrated with social media
uh and test screenings really just doing
anything based off if the
audience will like them or not even to
the point of not answering the ending
i do like the cast and crew behind it
though and i am excited to see them do
more things
just wanted to answer the endings uh but
it is interesting to see joe russo was
talking about in one of the watch alongs
how he's worried that you know movies
like this aren't being made
like imagine directing the highest
grossing movie of all time
and you're worried about the space for
these kind of movies so i guess it
really is that messed up over there so
if that's the excuse to stick to
franchising i suppose
but i think they have enough to be able
to do and spawn a bunch of different
stories um that have proper endings
other than that i'm questioning your
thoughts down below in the comments
section let me know any other action
movies that stick out to you that you
want us to cover
and until next time don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and liam
hemsworth will extract you